# Design a website to meet client requirements


## Intended Audience

The intended audience for the Camp China website is, young adults in the age range of 18 year olds to 25 year olds, this is because, this age range is more likely to go abroad and work, this experience will be valuable to them, because they will gather a lot of experience and skills whilst earning money and enjoying the beautiful culture of that country. The website will need to be user-friendly, by having a responsive design with a mobile optimised website, this is because, this generation is mostly on smartphones, and having a mobile optimised design can increase traffic. The website will need a ton of information, about the trip, because for most of the people that are going abroad, this will be the first time going alone, and they will want as much information as they can possibily get, this will include things, like insurance, vaccinations, salary, where they're staying, the food they're going to be eating and they job they're going to doing, what happens incase of emergencies, this is all vital information for people flying by themselves for the first time as it can be a scary experience. Furthurmore, you don't need much experience to join a camp, as you will be teaching basic things to the children, such as speaking English, therefore this is important, that you have a good level of english speaking, so you can communicate and teach effectively. There are a lot of jobs you can choose from, this includes teaching, cooking and cleaning, and many other jobs that you'e free to choose. 

## What are we doing?

I am creating a website for Invasion, who have started a new camp called Camp China. I will need to include a lot of different things, such as prices, accomodation, salary, with lots of other information which may be relevant to the people who wish to partake. I have to make 5 different pages, all relevant to Camp China. I will be creating a Homepage, Application page, Contact Page, Gallery page and Travel page. These pages will all be fully completed with relevant information, with a good design behind them. I will be making the website user-friendly by making the website mobile optimised and reponsive. I will be creating this in A.T.O.M, which is a text editor. I will be developing the website in HTML (Hypertext Markup Language), and CSS (Cascading Style Sheet) and, I will be creating fuctionns in JS (Java script). I will be linking my CSS and JS files to my HTML, and will be styling my html code in CSS and JS, by adding colours, changing the fonts and such, and possibily adding functions, to boxes, such as when you click, an alert box pops up, or something alike. I have created 4 sketch drawings of how I want the website to look, and I have created 4 Photoshop designs, to make it that much more realistic to what I'd like my website to have, I have also created 4 alternative sketch designs and 4 alternative photoshop designs, this is because, if I decide to not like any of my main designs, I have backup, with that I can mix and match all 8 designs together. On this website, I was asked of the CEO of Invasion, to add certain things to my website, she wanted me to add a video background, and highlight important information, and have a certain colour scheme which is red and yellow, whilst also having embedded video links.

## What are you aiming to acheive?

I am aiming to achieve to a user-friendly website, which is mobile optimised and responsive whilst having a lot of relevant information about Camp China, whilst making it stand out. I want my website theme and style to be consistent throughout the website, and I want to maek my website flexible, this is by adding overflow: hidden, this means that any content that is inside a box, will not go out of it, which can make my website flexible, and easier to navigate. I am going to make my website simple, and try to use up as much white space, as I can. I will be having a nice and simple navigation bar that everbody is familiar with, with a search bar on the side, where you can search for anything you need without trying to find it. I am also going to add a video background to increase the interactivity of my website, this is because, people may want first hand view of what they might be doing, therefore, I will be adding a looped video background.

## Constraints

I have many constraints leading upto developing this website. This is time, time is essential for this task, because we're given a deadline, which then we have to submit our website and send it off, if we're late and miss the deadline, it can have concequences on our grades, such as being restricted to a Pass grade, even though the website is a merit standard, therefore time will be the biggest constraint, and I will need to be fast in ensuring that my website meets a specific standard. Another constraint will be, the coding part, this is because, I'm just a beginner at programming, and creating a high level website requires a lot of time and skills, therefore, I will need to research a lot of codes, to see how to do specific things. Another constraint for me, will be resources, this is because, I can not access Photoshop at home, because of the price of it, it is an expensive piece of software, but the College get it at a cheaper rate, this can impact my time, because I will need to wait to come to College to finish up any designs. :cold_sweat:

## Benefits

Some of the benefits, I have with this, is that, there is a lot of research to be done, on certain things, I don't know, this could potenially be a huge plus for me, because then, I will know how to do something new, which means, I will be expanding my knowledge on HTML/CSS/JS. Another advantage is that, there are lot of tutorials online for me to view, these are free and full of code, that is extremely helpful to me, in completing my website.

## Nature of Interactivity

I have also added means of interactivity. I have added a blog page, where, I interact with my viewers of the new things that have been going on, and any updates concerning the camp are, this is good because, viewers can first hand see any updates or any frequently asked questions, which may concern them, and they can see the answer straight away. I have also added a newsletter, where viewers can subscribe to, which the invasion team can interact to viewers, by posting stuff that may engage the viewer.

## Complexity of a website

honestly.. not even sure :sadface:
